# Snake
Implementation of the classic game Snake using Python. At the beginning of each game, users can choose their difficulty level. The main idea of the game is to eat as many apples as possible without colliding into yourself or the borders. The snake grows longer as more apples are eaten. You can see your score in the top left hand of the corner at all times, and at the end of the game, your score is displayed. Most features of this game are modifiable, such as the head of the snake, the body of the snake, and the apple.

Through this project, I developed my Python skills and learned how to use PyGame to implement this game of snake. Python is not taught in the courses I have taken so far at University of Maryland, however I find it to be a useful programming language to know so I wanted to practice coding in this language. The first two courses I took for my computer science degree were focused on object-oriented programming in Java, so I was able to apply what I learned about object-oriented programming to successfully code this project in Python.

I have a few ideas to future projects I am planning to implement. First, I would like to implement a to-do list app. Currently I use my notes app for my to-do list, but I think it would be fun to create my very own app to use instead. I have never created an app before, so this would help me learn the necessary skills for doing so while creating something that I would use everyday. I would also like to implement an impossible game of tic-tac-toe. I have not learned anything about AI yet, however I believe this would be a good introductory project since AI is something I am interested in. Lastly, I would like to implement a music suggestion tool. Ideally, I would be able to use this to find song recommendations based off of music I am currently listening to. I am always trying to find more music I like, so this would help me do that. I do not know what I would use to implement this, however I am hoping my future internships and courses would give me more experience to help me plan this project.
